add pytroch example (#236)
roscisz/TensorHive: examples/PyTorch/README.md

``` 

worker 1 on `ai`:
```
export CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES=2
export GLOO_SOCKET_IFNAME=enp2s0f1
./dnn_training_benchmarks/PyTorch_dcgan_lsun/examples/dcgan/venv/bin/python dnn_training_benchmarks/PyTorch_dcgan_lsun/examples/dcgan/main.py --init-method tcp://ai.eti.pg.gda.pl:20011 --backend=gloo --rank=1 --world-size=4 --dataset fake --cuda
```
 
worker 2 on `dl`:
```
export CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES=1
export GLOO_SOCKET_IFNAME=enp1s0f0
./dnn_training_benchmarks/PyTorch_dcgan_lsun/examples/dcgan/venv/bin/python dnn_training_benchmarks/PyTorch_dcgan_lsun/examples/dcgan/main.py --init-method tcp://ai.eti.pg.gda.pl:20011 --backend=gloo --rank=2 --world-size=4 --dataset fake --cuda
``` 

worker 3 on ai:
```
export CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES=7
export GLOO_SOCKET_IFNAME=enp1s0f0
./dnn_training_benchmarks/PyTorch_dcgan_lsun/examples/dcgan/venv/bin/python dnn_training_benchmarks/PyTorch_dcgan_lsun/examples/dcgan/main.py --init-method tcp://ai.eti.pg.gda.pl:20011 --backend=gloo --rank=3 --world-size=4 --dataset fake --cuda
``` 

## Running with TensorHive

Because running the distributed training required in our scenario means

> logging into distributed nodes, configuring environments and running processes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
logging into multiple nodes, configuring environments and running processes
```

with multiple, similar parameters, differing only slightly, it is a good
use case for the TensorHive `task execution` module.

> To use it, first head to "Task Overview" and click on "CREATE TASKS FROM TEMPLATE". Choose PyTorch from the drop-down list: 

Reviewer: Maybe we should consider `CREATE TASKS FROM TEMPLATE`, to keep button names formatting the same across all of the examples. Same applies to all other button names in this file.

Reviewer 2: fixed in 894fdd7a8e69d778deefabce5d383cfaa3d0e695

<your code including creating the model>
model = nn.DataParallel(model)
```
That's it. After that you just control which GPUs you would like your code to run on by specifing their number in CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES before your command (tensorhive takes care of that for you when you specify the devices while creating the task).

### Distributed

To make the code distributed apply provided patch by running:

```
git apply distributed.patch
```

You might want to checkout commit 0c1654d6913f77f09c0505fb284d977d89c17c1a to make sure there are no conflicts before applying the patch.

To learn how to easily adapt PyTorch code for distributed learning please examine the patch. 

## Usage
```
# set accroding to your configuration
export GLOO_SOCKET_IFNAME=eth0 
```

```
CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES=0 python main.py --init-method tcp://127.0.0.1:20011 --rank 0 --world 2 --dataset lsun --dataroot <path to lsun dataset> --cuda
CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES=1 python main.py --init-method tcp://127.0.0.1:20011 --rank 1 --world 2 --dataset lsun --dataroot <path to lsun dataset> --cuda

For more details about the usage refer to the [original repo](https://github.com/pytorch/examples/tree/master/dcgan)
```

> 

Reviewer 2: The README to this line is a copy of the benchmark README in the dnn_training_benchmarks repo. I think we should provide a link to that README here instead of introducing such redundancy. So, instructions for running the benchmark and results on chosen hardware should be there, while instructions, examples of running it using TH and comparison with no-TH version should be here.

Author: I think that this redundancy is pretty useful for the user. Having to open another repo just for the instructions for running (that also has links to other repos) seems like a unneeded hassle. Of course after fixing everything in the dnn_training_benchmarks repo I will copy the changes over here too

Reviewer 2: OK

Reviewer 2: Hmm, this redundancy is starting to generate problems. At least because the distributed patch is also doubled - you updated it and I got confused, using the old one from this repo. Maybe we should at least keep only one patch in the dnn_training_benchmarks repo, and add instructions for downloading the patch here in the README?

Author: I think the problem is only on our side during this checking but since it makes it easier to use by the user i think it's worth it (I updated the patch here to the newest and probably final version from ddn_benchmarks)

Reviewer 2: Then how is it that we still have "git cllone" here?

Reviewer 2: The improvements made in the dnn_training_benchmarks repo are still not reflected here. Maybe consider once again only referencing the example here, instead of copying the content.

Author: done

## Running without tensorhive

> First export envoirment variable on every node as shown in Usage section. After find a port that is available on every node for communication. Then run separate commands as above on very node. Make sure to start with rank 0. Set world size to number of nodes you want to run the code on. The training code and dataset needs to be avaiable on every node.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First export the `GLOO_SOCKET_IFNAME` environment variable on every node as shown in the Usage section. Next, find a port that is available on every node for communication. Then run separate commands as above on very node. Make sure to start with rank 0. Set world size to the number of nodes you want to run the code on. The training code and dataset needs to be available on every node.
```

![2](https://github.com/roscisz/TensorHive/tree/master/examples/PyTorch/img/2.png)

Add as many tasks as resources you wish the code to run on using "ADD TASK" button. You can see that every parameter filled is copied to newly created tasks to save time. Adjust Hostnames and resources on the added tasks as needed. And fill in the rank parameter starting from 0.

![3](https://github.com/roscisz/TensorHive/tree/master/examples/PyTorch/img/3.png)

Add GLOO_SOCKET_IFNAME envoirmental variable. By filling in the "Parameter name" below the tasks and clicking on "ADD AS ENV VARIABLE TO ALL TASKS" button. If you check the "Static" checkbox next to it you will be able to fill it only for one task and it will be copied to the rest of them. For most cases you will have the same connection configuration on all nodes so it can save you some effort. Fill the newly added env variable according to the configuration on your nodes. You can check the names of your internet interfaces by running `ifconfig` command on your nodes.

Click "CREATE ALL TASKS" button in the right bottom corner to create the tasks.

> ![4](https://github.com/roscisz/TensorHive/tree/master/examples/PyTorch/img/4.png)

Reviewer 2: In img 4 there is a space between GLOO_SOCKET_IFNAME and =eth0. Would it work like that? Did you actually execute this?

Author: That was a typo (fixed). I was running slightly different task with correct command and a local interface

After that you can control the tasks from "Task Overview". You can see avaiable actions on far right next to them. For now avaiable options are:
- Schedule (Choose when to run the task)
- Spawn (Run the task now)
- Terminate (Send terminate command to the task)
- Kill (Send kill command)
- Show log (Read output of the task)
- Edit 
- Remove

> Having that high level control over all of the tasks from single place can be extremly powerfull and time-saving!

Reviewer 2: "extremely powerful" has different spelling, but actually maybe it is a bit too optimistic? Maybe time-saving would be enough :)

- Edit 
- Remove

> Having that high level control over all of the tasks from single place can be extremly time-saving!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Having that high level control over all of the tasks from a single place can be extremely time-saving!
```
